Add sprint review 22.17 (#548)
wazo-platform/wazo-platform.org: content/blog/sprint-review-2217.md

---
title: Wazo Platform 22.17 Released

> date: 2022-12-14T21:33:00

Reviewer: The `date` should be the date on which the release is done.

author: The Wazo Authors
category: Wazo Platform
tags: wazo-platform, development
slug: release-review-2217
status: published
---

Hello Wazo Platform community!

Here is a short review of the Wazo Platform 22.17 release.

## Technical Features

> - **Python3**: Migrated wazo-agid and wazo-confgend services to Python 3. They were the latest services written in Python 2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Python 3**: Migrated wazo-agid and wazo-confgend services to Python 3. They were the last services written in Python 2
```

- **Asterisk**: Asterisk has been upgraded to 19.7.1. See the [Asterisk release announcement](https://www.asterisk.org/asterisk-news/asterisk-19-7-1-now-available-security-release/)

## Ongoing Features
- **New user API**: We are working on a new high level API endpoint to create a user and all of its related resources (user, line, extension, voicemail, incoming call) in a single HTTP request.

> - **Major upgrade**: We are preparing the upgrade to Debian 11 Bullseye. This requires migrating the remaining code written in Python 2 to Python 3.

Reviewer: We wrote in a previous bullet point that the last services were ported to Python 3. Would that make sense to remove the sentence?

For more details about the aforementioned topics, please see the [changelog](https://wazo-dev.atlassian.net/issues/?jql=project%3DWAZO%20AND%20fixVersion%3D22.17).

> See you at the next sprint review!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that the next release will be on mid-January.
Happy Holidays!
```
